Add option to have the initial storage level as free value (#394)
TulipaEnergy/TulipaEnergyModel.jl: docs/src/how-to-use.md

Markdown.parse(out)
```

The `Missing` data meaning depends on the parameter, for instance:

- `investment_limit`: there is no investment limit

> - `initial_storage_level`: the initial storage level is free (between the storage level limits), meaning that the optimization problem decides the best starting point for the storage asset. In addition, the first time block `B[1]` is linked to the last time block `B[end]` to create continuity in the storage level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `initial_storage_level`: the initial storage level is free (between the storage level limits), meaning that the optimization problem decides the best starting point for the storage asset. In addition, the first and last time blocks in a representative period are linked to create continuity in the storage level.
```
